# Meeting Minutes - Nov 6
## Agenda
* Questions based on struggles in writing the proposal
* Qiime pipeline issues
* Discuss starting Aim 1 & 2 (including what level of documentation we need to do)
## Feedback on Proposal
* Well done overall! 
* Intro & Rationale was well written, to the point 
* Experimental Aims and proposed approach looked detailed 
* Hiccups in the qiime pipeline were explained well in the dataset overview
## Data Pipeline
* We need to start working on Aim 1 & 2 next
* Eknoor will write and run aim 1 code
  * Send phyloseq object to Toma for Aim 2
* Toma can prep code for aim 2 and run it once phyloseq object is received
* Finalized that we will be training a full classifier
  * Philip will be running this on a personal computer since server may take longer
* Everyone should watch Module 20 so we can proceed with Aim 3
## To Do
* Bring progress on Aim 1 and 2 to the next meeting after the break 
* Break meeting will be on zoom to go over any questions
* Train classifier over the break
* Watch Module 20

